
     Cloud Application Security Model
     --------------------------------

        The "product" is a multi-tenant application that must be configured by an authorized person in a Rally Subscription
         with access to sufficient Rally Workspaces (Rally Workspace Admin) who also must supply credentials for storage in
         the cloud environment for Rally and some other system (typically) Jira.

        The product is then "run" by an authorized person associated with the Subscription (which doesn't have to be the application 
        admin account) but must have been identified and enabled by the admin account to run the application.

        There are other roles such as 'deputy', 'editor', 'executor', 'viewer', 'auditor', 'reviewer' to be explained later.   

        Rule #1:  No credential data will be stored in clear-text

        Rule #2:  No credential, Rally data, non-Rally system data will be passed in clear-text within a message to a Pub-Sub channel

        Rule #3:  Keys for encyrpt/decrypt are generated for use during a single connector configuration session  and will
                  consist of session-key, sub_id, executor_id, configuration_name (and possibly customer provided key for WIC use) 

        Rule #4: Only admin can authorize a user to be assigned to any other role on a permanent basis

        Rule #5: A deputy can be elevated to an admin only with approval by 1 other deputy. If that happens, the original admin account
                 is deactivated and transitioned to 'retired' role

                 Docs for the application should mention the need to replace the elevated 'deputy' with the addition of another deputy.
                 There should be 3 deputies in effect at any time.  

        Rule #6: A deputy can assign another user to a sub-deputy role but that role only lasts for 5 days max.
                 The admin can make the assignment of an assigned role permanent.

        Rule #7: actions taken by roles are logged (active role, user_name, target role, user_name, activity, status)

        Rule #8: Pub-Sub channels should be "cleaned" on a periodic basis (anything older than 6 hours is wiped)




     Roles - Responsibilities / Restrictions / Span
   

     Admin   -  Ultimate Ownership of WIC related information stored in the cloud (typically configurations and "Roster")

     Deputy  -  Delegated rights from Admin for CRUD of configuration, access to logs, can modify Roster below Deputy level
                                                                                       for some temporary time  period

     Editor  -  Able to CRUD configurations for some scope

     Executor - rights to run a configuration, ? can see logs ?

     Viewer   - can view a configuration (or a set of configurations)

     Auditor  -  can view configurations and config modification history, can see Roster and history of mods to Roster

     Reviewer -  can view configurations and logs
 
     
       

        
  

